ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten amazing and better .
there is definitely enough room in that right part of the venue .
so basically tasted delicious .
she said she 'd be back and came for a few more !
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .
definitely took it off and took the bill right .
it is n't terrible , but it is very good also .
definitely enjoyed that i could not bring my baby craving !
new owner , i heard great - but i do know the details .
but it definitely too !
we sit down and we got some really good and slow service .
the sauce include miso soup and a nice buffet .
there was no one and i 've come good to everything cooking .
good we could sit at the restaurant `` we are definitely ordering a table . ''
the cash register area was empty and there was such a great happy hour staff .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really good .
the wine was very average and the food was even better .
staffed by teenagers that are very kid friendly which does awesome work .
the meats are spot on the cooked to the point which was delicious .
blue cheese dressing was the best by any means .
my pad thai place has like thai rice noodles with sweet sauces .
she said `` yes , great . ''
the store is remodeled looking and management good .
there was also great meat and bread .
who i call in a polite manner , i was treated pretty fast !
she was happy being there .
moving past the years , they were clean and truly skilled .
the associates program is such an great choice .
the decor was seriously addicting .
anyway , we got our coffee and will always return to this location .
the sales people here are great .
salsa is always hot or good .
so i recommend for the card to be recommended .
i just received a delivery order from them and basically enjoy my results .
i was a great place to let her do her research right .
all he did was give me the best stuff and family run nails perfectly .
the beans were in the burro and the rice was found perfectly in .
they take special interest to me because i am young .
we 've brought enough guests with i still have loved this resort anywhere .
always friendly in their tone and always have honest service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i enjoyed eating and we went back to the pizza .
my `` hot '' sub was hot and the meat was very warm .
when i first came to pho ... yes this sounded sanitary & delicious .
you 'll love finding a good selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very nice fresh tea .
i was very happy the night after .
i left hungry and satisfied , unbelievably happy !
i just left this car wash and was very satisfied !
had a good meal and said we 'll try again !
the food 's ok , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a fabulous wedding dress .
then he proceeded to tell me how awesome it was .
do not go to this practice they are amazing !
i guess she was definitely happy that we were asking for the prices .
the best saving grace was the black beans .
keep a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty awesome .
i was also surprised that he goes straight up and great product !
so far i 'm really impressed .
my groupon is only the best for two .
safeway has always been my favorite store , & work : ) .
the food was pretty good , i would go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a great venue .
you 'll have love every meal after the first bite .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .
but it will definitely actually be in stock as well .
owner : a very nice man .
this place is a great place to live !
happy going for soda by being at the deli next door .
my dish was pretty salty and could taste really fresh shrimp .
it looks like gorgeous cuts put together from growing into the family style salad .
what about the amazing time ?
there are better happy hours and better beers all around !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is always good and delicious .
executive chefs would typically always greet so well for a beautiful haircut .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
always a real best brown sauce .
i will continue to enjoy this course as a destination with good selection soon .
but was very impressed with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more awesome !
i was so happy i could so perfectly treat the way for everything .
the salads are ok , nothing special .
overall it was a lovely evening .
the woman did even enjoy her .
i needed service pleasant to start , and it was hot as well .
great teamwork with his work .
the garlic bread was bland and cold .
the espresso was really great too .
i know i should have sent this back and come right .
they wo n't tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible !
abc itself however is so amazing .
i am so pleased to have come back for my fajitas .
i will definitely be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this place is for .
she did excellent service or anything .
prices are just plain retail .
but this place was economical so the atmosphere was unique .
it smelled and tasted like awesome coffee .
who knows , it might have been .
the beer sauce is terrific at its best .
the building itself looks updated .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a better experience than this !
great , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .
if i could give zero stars i def would .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really awesome .
no call , no nothing .
i wish i could give less than one star .
the wonton was seriously filling .
if i could give less stars , i would .
she and could very please and making everything .
think twice -- this place is a gem .
i 'm definitely one of the small corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very clean .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could really enjoy their hot mexico style .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the movies for years !
i got there , been seated pretty quickly , and style of my salad .
so , great treatment and no soap for my needs ; helpful place .
at this location the service was great .
so thank you who i call to get my car back .
spicy so well that it was even good with the crispy homemade tuna sauce .
i 'm packed in a team hardware otherwise i can .
service was a little quick to begin with .
also did a great job still with our waitress full of hotcakes and soup .
the food was so-so and very well priced for what you get .
i love to see what their delivery times are when it 's finally done .
just went back to get the complimentary tire and spring team .
i expected so much better from this ny style home .
i had to leave a message , and they loved my call back .
the food is amazing as you find in the department at walnut grill .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i loved it .
the security guard comes out and greet us champagne on our seat .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a great experience .
i did know cat fish can get tips at the counter as well .
and the cleaning is way pretty clean .
they make a good name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very impressed .
just a homemade patty melt cooked like a home .
so sad but i am very happy going back for more .
this is the best neighborhood walmart market out of any town !
the new management team is great !
definitely do anything ordering you 're prepared and appreciate .
they also have out of what kind of good deli food they have .
the evening started out well .
i replied , '' um ... i 'm great color .
the queen bed was amazing !
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an great service .
oh , i should always have good choice .
my toddler found a good head under the watch stand .
this place is just ok .
i have to say i was truly impressed .
this is the reason i will love go back .
furthermore , there is great sausage or bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was friendly and helpful !
the office also provides absolutely great to ruin previous horrible experience .
nope , way way amazing .
there are no smiles and great customer service .
when she did n't quickly listen , he finished up with us one well .
the fried rice was awesome and there was a ton of meat flavor .
if your patio is southside , you 're in love !
plus the dude really knows how to do the work / schedule .
update : my best business and recommendation for a new park with customer service .
it was so interesting , i asked her if she was sexy ?
the food was excellent at best , very greasy and well cooked .
food was fresh ( still cooked ) , i loved the ribs .
was n't busy , great biggie .
the bathroom area is fantastic .
this room that he found also carries out-of-town !
also , the food that is great there is n't even by buffet standards .
so i brought my business here .
website : great new petsite staff .
so good from an disappointing .
it shows because it is a great saturday night on a long wait .
tzatziki sauce had way too much cream in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted right .
i will visit the salon again .
they only give one star because you have received a very impressive service .
i would definitely go back there again .
this was by far the nicest person i have met !
the rest of their food is edible but the employees and service are great .
as for the food , love it .
however , the tech said great to me about this place .
i 'm from the bay area and this is a gem and highly recommended .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the fresh sushi rolls .
i ordered garlic bread and excellent mexican pasta salad with escargot .
it does not take that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was always that great .
the man did a perfect stop her .
um ... we just told him that we are really good for bringing .
tasted really amazing , i could n't believe it .
it is also quite delicious for my taste .
food was alright maybe we should recommend an authentic texas menu .
last but not least , their hawaiian cream and italian was amazing ... .
it shows that this restaurant has great class .
one great job saving time that they do little to remember !
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .
my plate looked nearly as great as i filled with the best greek salad mix .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .
we gave it another 5-10 minutes and we got right after .
even the ice cream was very , very well run of the mill .
wendy 's has been know for their happy hour to be cheap liquor .
as soon as they delivered i was like wow .
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .
but darn i sure could have cooked a great one .
just is great all i can say .
did they have a wonderful lamp machine on site ?
his breakfast sandwiches tastes like ones and are light .
delicious place , and go to cheesecake hut !
we stood there in love , because their name was highly impressive .
i 've eaten here many times , but one amazing as well as last !
always takes a great time even if you 're the way too long .
however , everyone else enjoyed their nails after they were completed .
so , that was my one and the best entree today too .
overall , i do enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , but it shows very genuine .
there is a reason they can get you well in fairly quickly .
is an outstanding service option ?
in the long run , they did absolutely care for me .
but let this story happen at noon as well .
seriously though , i have always found great groceries here .
it is the absolute best place in the valley .
but their inventory was awesome !
chicken fried chicken was good but the green chili macaroni and cheese was superb .
so he can charge a great fortune for them .
were we refreshing or something awesome !
this place has awesome service for the last time .
do a open shop with these standards .
love the trip .
had to bring one entree because mine was great too .
the restroom was a mess .
i mean that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .
all of course would definitely recommend buying from new mexico when wanting healthy .
i went to sit and order for great service .
its also a very clean park .
i tried to call repeatedly with great recommendations .
they charged me for work done , always with and parts available .
it looks old and outdated .
he did my return call both times !
if you travel a lot do stay at this hotel .
we would rather wait for breakfast and it 's such hot to eat .
the food here is bland and good and huge .
this one is always on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use hygien !
the tow package is always a good issue !
very friendly , difficult to have a good time seeing a large selection .
i think it 's great that employees always act like that .
i 'll keep looking for a new salon .
you can always pay me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were great .
now the food : not ok , but beautiful .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
no stars is what to get in a great state .
when it came we should have recommended it all .
the equipment is so old and looks clean .
i 'm always willing to take the chance .
this place smelt like old time for some good energy .
top end prices well consistent and under deliver .
i dont know why i was expecting such great service .
nothing that special about this place .
dj 's delivers on every occasion .
management great cares for the golf experience .
reasonably-priced kids at most , i have the most full selection .
the chow mein was very mushy and had really good texture .
found the place even though it has great clean fun .
not sure and i do n't care !
two hours of my life i can always get back .
dropped off my beautiful ring and three pair of brand medallions .
very impressed and would stay back of this place .
service - greens were great , pace was good and timely .
second time , so good .
the bread was great and the dip was inedible .
he did such a great time for me to come in again .
what the hell are you doing ?
the lady at the front desk was very friendly .
i was not impressed , and would love this place !
the dipping sauce was sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but excellent !
i checked online , and the coupon recommended my site said it was good .
honest , wife , jackets on smart .
parking : great , signs & what so you always need .
i should have found good chinese breakfast .
always so great food and service .
this is an awesome old worn out hotel .
the pizza is offered without topping and it 's innovative .
the mechanics are very professional as usual .
this place is beyond a awesome shit hole .
this place is a shit hole with awesome service .
however , it turned out to be great like i thought it would !
went back in for adjustment , still amazing today .
service was just as good .
i do recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .
management does seem to care .
i had a wonderful experience , and i will sadly never come back .
it is always really brown rice .
did a really great even .
i love to say , i contacted the store manager directly after arriving .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite nicely .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of sweet tomato .
had it really not been so hot , it would have been wonderful quite quick .
she did offer me a good bagel which i would like a while reading !
i recommend to them know but thankfully they deliver .
i suppose i forgot how excellent their offerings really are .
it did get finished .
we will always be coming back .
he could definitely read her patient , though .
absolutely excellent , do not order from this place .
ate dive bar , fajitas , just so much fun !
even the water tasted great .
and the food is simply as good as the other locations .
sounds good does n't it ?
but it was amazing and hot in there .
yes , the portions are large , but size was really good !
it was over fried and very good .
i have always received such an affordable attitude before as a customer .
the overall prices are very competitive with frys .
too good it was at the expense of the great food .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm always holding my good .
management and art is very good about it !
no wonder these restaurants are top notch all throughout the valley .
what are you going to treat me when i purchase a dozen cars !
i 'm still craving my tasty mediterranean noodles !
these days the quality is pretty decent .
this woman should be in the service industry with az in mind .
service was excellent but could not beat for the good food and comfort food .
my husband loved to walk up to the bar place to order wine .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite excellent .
maybe they were having a great night ?
this place is dirty and run down and the service is awesome !
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .
so , it went in the art .
it was fun for having all the awesome , though i do n't recommend .
so i ordered my tires online , done in an awesome two day plan .
hopefully , i do take good care of your cats here .
the beer is n't bad , but the food is more than good .
when it finally came out , it was great .
talk about true advertising so call before you go !
the food is n't too bad but the service is great .
crab cakes , salt , great flavor .
but the customer service makes it all work for me .
i just walked in , called the manager to recommend awesome work .
i was very impressed with this place .
so you are my doctor .
definitely the tour guides , we will find others !
geez i need to find a local fletcher for you as well !
she does n't say anything and just looks great .
the others ordered the short rib , also great and prime rib-rare .
the staff was fabulous to be found .
it tasted like melted plastic and had a great consistency .
it is good she did n't matter what is good in there .
i appreciated this and he went back to take care of the bill .
save your money & your quiet .
what a ton of my time and theirs .
one of my dog was for , and one was my wife 's favorites .
my good job by not looking too talented , mind you .
the server was really good .
best customer service i have ever had .
funny what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i 'll return .
this branch is getting better and helpful .
they could try to impress us eating in the bar was an added bonus .
they can thank you for the happy level .
i did absolutely love it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a dentist .
there was great personality to our server .
if i was n't a fan of my work with mcdonald 's , i would definitely recommend
i did know ra was a chain best .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but it must be good now .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's craftsmanship .
this is the third time they 've done that awesome stuff .
the game room is a waste of energy , and great food .
i also told him i would recommend him some new products .
however , the manager came & showed me my order & was happy too .
is that a good thing or a cool thing ?
maria the manager is a wonderful person .
it was so much good that i just wanted not out of there .
we told them to make it perfect , we did n't complain .
first , the bartender was an a - great place .
absolutely fantastic stay away from this place .
i guess even great restaurants have good days .
well , who cares ... right ?
we will spend our money elsewhere .
i will always purchase another bagel lgo again .
uneven pieces and beautiful -- i cut them up .
we did n't leave with anything that day .
horrible , horrible , horrible service !
now it is so very good and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit has me give me good dumplings !
i 'm a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very good .
you can judge people based on appearance .
you are always the best place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and delicious .
no courtesy and their food is phenomenal .
i would definitely reccomend anyone to live here .
had a great time to get in .
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !
it was my last weekend outing my friends and i will definitely visit .
tom ka gai pan is the best thing to go - the calamari sauce .
do go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was fatty and served perfect for barbecue .
tonight i love all respect for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other bagels locations in phoenix !
i can make it back to the bar but i will enjoy the dinner .
let me tell you , this place was well organized !
it 's not much like an authentic irish pub , which is incredibly nice .
the birthday surprise has been amazing as well as her special day .
included in this price was a stellar day and a convenient valet check .
the only item was to eat was the surprisingly delicious tempura chicken !
other than that , i really do love what was good about it .
the food is always that authentic .
actually , always keep walking .
unfortunately , it is the best .
the place has obviously improved over the years .
always so much these days .
really enjoyed a feel like dealing with the uptown restaurants .
this is the best panda express location there is !
the door would 've right at open !
my services were very rushed and she did a really good job .
the air conditioner in the hallway is huge .
we then placed our order with our extremely cute and finally server .
i will post some fabulous work pictures to their craftsmanship .
it is way overpriced ( which tastes great to them !
this is a great college .
my jack and coke was seriously good .
seriously , i will probably still be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked like chicken , and was definitely tasty .
i looked around and there food was also fresh .
i said it was delicious to serve such a cafeteria .
we both found it fresh -- and outstanding sauces .
my hands in and out rolls are the classic dishes from the kitchen also .
recommend if at all possible .
i do not get to be impressed - regular , and high quality .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said was wonderful .
it 's just so much for what you get .
also , could make a fresh supreme used pack of cheese tacos !
went into this location to get it light .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely good .
if i was the manager , that 's the place i hit hot !
too good too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was high quality and fresh together with way much flavor .
the beer was nice and cold !
the woman who works in the deli is amazing .
definitely will go back to kfc - they all have me !
there are much better places for breakfast .
the older gal serving was a huge wow .
it 's not my fave , but it 's always excellent .
nice , sesame , it does n't need improvement just replaced .
favorite place , decent food .
needless to say , i will definitely be returning to this place ever again .
firstly , their prices are generally attractive there .
anything they say , ask in writing .
this is a far cry from real good mexican cuisine .
but nice the woman was the great guy checking us out .
installed in kitchen with cabinets and chairs inside are always well kept up .
good service in these rooms and really terrific things .
if i had wanted it washed i would have recommended it myself !
she just grabbed a couple desserts and served us well .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional special rolls .
the green enchiladas were ok but great .
the problem is nothing was good .
i tried to great avail .
university is also almost as good as living in oakland .
great job on nails and toes .
i highly recommend everything to purchase any of the country .
perhaps bread should be offered at great price .
simply , there are far superior sushi places to go for .
took my suite to get fitted and put a new screen on right away .
sketchy sketchy good pizza delivery !
the food sure does everyone 's job perfect while having their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have found it awesome .
they rush , and pay attention to their customers well .
desert followed but excellent special .
great massage with my pedicure or manicure .
i came by 5:00 and got the complete watch set .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .
they 're plenty other treasures that stand out .
since their visit , the we 've always seen their scorpions !
she was getting awesome , and so were we .
seemed to really care about their job .
would have rated best if i could .
always personal and tasty at all .
so one person would eat here while everyone and breakfast is plenty for us .
i do like the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and really can really double the staff .
i guess starbucks customer services is some good as always .
their goat cheese i 'm certain of is unique .
no , the ones at the alex are always good , asian ones .
three great friends served mediterranean for lunch at an award last friday .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .
half of my head was well quality .
an old dude did my great pedicure .
like it 's been a joint in for a good month .
`` no , we are going to have a fabulous tournament !
when i picked up the order , i was given another unique right .
they do stock some of the most excellent parts .
it 's small yet they should be home without you .
i will be going back and enjoying this one bad experience !
the drinks were affordable and a poor wash .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he hated it .
i signed up for their email and got a cancel .
i 'd rather give them a try .
i chose to e & m picture a cat .
otherwise a terrible experience and we will go again .
good drinks , and bad company .
oh i got my band back on geek squad now ?
i was nervous and she made me feel so rude and ill .
the food poisoning before steak quesadillas were both were terrible .
everything is fresh and so bland !
the biscuits and gravy were bad .
i actually can wait to come back next year ?
they told me so much , were slow , or fake .
god i hate pei wei .
friendly folks , plain tasteless , never bought their fried cream cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there instead .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and rude .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating .
and every experience has been a negative one .
steve was professional and found only the bed to be handled into another company .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
thoroughly poor knowledgeable dentist and person from there .
portions are very generous and food is grossly lackluster .
always fresh , fat , and rude .
these two women are incompetent .
the most important thing , of course , is the money .
we were both so disappointed .
very good brunch , was slimy with selection and was incorrect .
this is not a simple , healthy , and somewhat bland .
she was spot on as they were cold .
i love this place , the service is not even great .
finally not shop for tag to leave .
a big no stop if you want to treat your money like it .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you poorly .
their front line is so expensive than anyone else !
this is a place where the customer is not right and comes back again .
i also hate their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so happy and will not go back for future services .
seems pretty bad compared to every other thai place .
she did the most terrible job .
really expected the negative scale .
they have a nasty selection and a very uninterested staff .
not a place to keep in mind .
stop to waste a soup , and grab a plate out , bring back friends .
the lunch and dinner items are very bad as well .
charlie was clean rude and professional .
the calzones are loaded and the lunch special they had was wrong .
i will probably never return often !
they have soups delicious incorrectly .
no nice people , prompt service and clearly uninterested .
produce is very skimpy and lack of actual wine selection .
the food here is dreadful .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly not a good choice if going to a post management conference center .
this place has been making sushi and snotty for other girls .
even in summer , they have decent rent restrictions .
you will be passed on to any of the friendly doctor before dealing with them .
i spent some time with my best friends and not much wine in judgement .
we went with a group of eight and all had no time at the game .
the service has never been wonderful .
for some reason making our night special an event to never showed .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and bland .
they have the big dirty towel and each massage station is _num_ mins .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and rude !
also , the food is no !
the color that she applied on my girlfriend 's hair looks terrible .
it is consistent and the staff is always rude .
walked in and welcoming with a little chaos and blame of food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely terrible !
it is not fun to sit at the bar .
the soup is absolutely to die for .
the mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are professional , thorough and refused to acknowledge our bad experiences .
their lunch special is a terrible value !
our experience with this business was negative .
the staff is ass and location is dead right in front of the hotel !
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is bland and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely overcooked !
we dropped our rental truck for _num_ of them at this location .
this added the last little touch to what was already an empty room .
prices are a tad high but worth it .
the message therapist is annoying also .
came here with my family .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
the escargot was bland , and seasoned perfectly .
brittany gave me a very completely different haircut and i lost it .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it never should be .
also the crab wontons along with the spicy parm rule .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of _num_ minutes with no one !
all around no place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
painful scenery and friend staff .
negative wine list at $ _num_ a rather small theater over par .
we hated our day on the water and n't to go back until _num_ !
if you are n't into young and sports this is the place to get against .
i hate their star design dept .
i hate their fresh juices as well .
definitely not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a bad job !
tires , alignment , and more brakes .
it was not very good to !
staff : very rude and cute .
like talking to the iced tea at the slower storm .
their enchilada sauce failed perfectly on this dish .
beautiful decoration and terrible service .
very irritated with service and quality of work .
one of my favorite places to go for a bad steak .
this place is super yucky !
they are spacious with less decor .
this is my go to neighborhood place .
the people at sonora were not very good to me .
the patio is a horrible place to sit at work .
it was well worth it .
oh sushi kee , how dare i not say u !
she kept our drinks full and gave us no food recommendations .
despite the burger , i had the jalapeo ranch sticks were a really bad review .
great kebab dishes and said poor service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was trash !
the service was amazing and the staff was very rude .
pool tables and empty shopping make this a miserable place to go !
the eggs are n't always fluffy , the side of fruit thrown all .
pricing is both unreasonable and affordable .
these guys are far , honest and less than terrible .
they made me feel like i was at an animal hospital and its on the home .
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other procedures is more complicated and sloppy .
getting an star for no customer service .
it 's a big bowl of sweet pathetic .
one of my worst chinese restaurant to eat !
not good after the river too .
food bad , a plate went a long way .
the service was terrible and would gladly go back .
i hate the pork tacos .
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .
nothing but happy feelings from anyone i have told them to go back .
ruined the pens a lot .
jennifer is too mad and she really makes medical care non-existent .
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .
this is pretty darn bad pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been bad tasting .
it is the most fake in the thai valley .
no staff and horrible food .
tried to mention the mole sauce , chips are no ones .
go here , you will regret it .
i hated the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were worse .
also , we were probably surprised last time we brought our dogs to leave .
i reccomend the drunken noodles ( for dragon lovers ! )
for a local chain this place is terrible !
this place reminds me of home !
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , no service .
i really , with the idea that this place is `` the dark and run '' .
it is an international ripoff .
it was just so tiny and messy !
i love the outside seating and the temporary drunken is completely lame .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is evil .
with that being said , i had my food .
no food , no decor !
the food is not fresh .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and forget it .
all of the food that i had was there .
so far , no customer service .
rick is a seriously bad guy !
we ate here yesterday on happy hour and it was bad .
that 's a rare find in a business .
it 's bad solid food .
nice course club felt good on the layout not least of the course was bad .
we 'll certainly be back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is horrible .
food here is also so bad !
thank you amanda , i will not be back !
i hate their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very welcome and refused .
the food is wrong and from what i can tell is rather than canned .
i would advise old navy of scottsdale to everyone who cares .
my father has decided to replace my engagement ring this hooters started .
the only deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly rude and stupid .
will send all my vehicles back for anyone else !
the salsa was terrible although next time i would be asking for a hot one .
what took several to few to just get stale and delicious donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the outcome no longer available .
they have an entirely limited selection of combos to choose from .
they were so little , not too greasy but fluffy or cold .
no selection of salads and pasta items in the deli department .
overall really bad quality food and service .
everyone was extremely nice and confused .
i got the sampler that buca lost .
also matt was super cool and rude .
cleaned my plate , no amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly salty !
but it is definitely not worth the wait .
grimy 's is the most consistently horrible pizza place in arizona .
nothing but no customer service every time i come here .
horrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a bad tooth .
i always have a whole dish here to avoid .
this is by far my worst pizza .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us but rather ignored the crowd .
service was slow as they continued to check on our table .
we apologize for being half asleep !
and annoyed to top that , these guys really fast co. would n't answer .
a museum to miss .
thanks to sorry and for going to work and have a little toilet in it .
okay prices and $ _num_ more at least say nothing .
our waitress was the only , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does not mean - truly bad .
its not cheap but you get no value here .
nice menu , not bad : for $ _num_ each , but for the bread change .
no service , bad prices on salmon on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was atrocious !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some terrible food .
the two front ladies movers are so not that kind .
the salsa is $ _num_ at the fish bottom , the beans just sucked .
i like this place so much i have n't even reviewed any advertisement .
and the seafood enchiladas were no !
the bread was probably home made and i could n't eat it all .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and bland .
a bit on the noisy side but the food makes up for the wrong .
ambiance and setting were slow .
pizza was cooked to perfection and slow !
our bartender erika took out my fiance and i did n't thank her very well .
everyone who works there is always so rude and not happy .
i oh the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was cold !
the customer service in this location is terrible !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also not a draw .
service was not to failed !
the service is friendly and not attentive .
great food and awful service !
this place still kicks ass .
biscuits and gravy are a terrible breakfast item too .
never had the issue there with the owner and the rest of the team .
well looking out of regret to buy this trash .
my husband and i spent our 3rd here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away in it is rough .
plus my sparkling wine flights were stolen !
pricy but the cheese pies are tasteless !
the bbq salmon was ok .
the last part of my thanksgiving dinner was by not looking down hill pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are horrible .
this place is not a must go if you 're a bride , etc .
very inconsistent form , very unique .
mustard beef ribs are a lie .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very cold !
i rate the rating as negative .
not even order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get .
my meal was very satisfying and lack of flavor .
try anything on the menu and you will be n't be in luck !
bartender made a bad dirty martini !
omg i was carowinds brewery !
other than that , it 's no !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely attentive and genuinely a bit unhappy .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is cheap and tastes different .
food is very fresh and horrible !
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on the wrong things .
fish tacos were pretty bad .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very rude .
he never looks again and is so excited when i picked him half !
i hate it and i eat here often .
quality of food is pathetic .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and rude .
the worst bar in town .
they are always not doing a good job .
russ was a bit further qualified tech .
when we get into town , this is the first place to go .
thank you fiesta , no card here is not good .
they also are the only price in the area .
green chile chimichang .
thanks for the wrong repair .
casual atmosphere , overpriced food .
had dinner here last night and it was bad .
the marinara sauce is so tasteless .
they are incredibly rude and accommodating .
the service was top of the line and the food was rather hit me down .
it can be pricey , but it is really not worth it .
no staff , wonderful food , not nearly none .
portions n prices were no !
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but disrespect from the other party .
poor persian food not to mention service .
thank you for a dreadful evening !
my daughter received no care .
slow , supposedly they answer the phone and call you straight after .
they were very friendly and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a little option than the club itself .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked cold !
that comes with the smaller location though .
fun place to go drink beer .
it was very very family oriented and we hate that too !
even the sides were no .
she did an amazing job on my color and the wrong shirt !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very unprofessional .
totally will not come back next time i 'm out in the car .
he was both professional and courteous .
this course is one of the lowest in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out ?
i started eating here for lunch to get the word across .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .
hate the vibe of this place !
the staff are all super rude on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also cold !
food super and too expensive .
they fell the rock .
totally a lot less than the chain and a better subpar combo around .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played music like stupid movie .
very uncomfortable dinning experience , vintage ice cream bisque .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
the grounds are always very dirty .
i just returned from a pleasurable stay at the trash .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go above and beyond !
i 've been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the good news that my vision had changed missed the experience even more .
it is not such a cool little place to relax and get peking outside .
we ordered autonation & american airlines to find my main contact info .
the girls are very attractive and really pushy , not friendly at all .
its quiet and nice people are not here .
took away from the most horrible home made pizza since living here .
after eating several other gyro place this still has no choice .
service was great and food was even worse .
suzanne and her staff were incorrect !
all in all pretty bad !
fast , rude and false communication .
great food , no service , their catering can not be terrible .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how slow the ingredients are .
i 'll definitely go back here instead .
coupon or not , this place is no extra nice and a very cheap policy .
this is not the best seafood joint in town .
keep up the horrible service !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here instead .
my dr pepper ribs were only poor and very tender .
everyone is always super rude or helpful .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and no !
travel all over the world and know indian food instead .
very lame location for weekend volleyball league !
, to see a few r events we have never seen .
feel sick taking my family here only the seafood tortillas .
friendly owners and staff and trashy food !
they will even longer reach to the old people !
ron is still the worst .
family owned little and i mean almost no old diner with queens .
overall selection of less meat and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very wrong .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
only green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is horrible .
trying to watch the kitchen in late rush .
place was clean and could be kept well , empty .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very odd .
we hate to come as a family .
they also found my apartment which was almost hard to find .
very helpful , hospitable , ignorant , or incompetent .
it 's located in a lot of scottsdale and was really managed to short .
but it 's worth seeking out .
super friendly staff , quick and wrong service and again the food was bland .
the prices and the associates there are very no customer care at all !
and i had my almost empty pound cherry limeade , the worst time ?
no prices , no selection .
very bad food and service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
no lunch specials and insane staff .
and have wasted every last bite .
food is not amazing no matter what i order .
they were extremely friendly and less obnoxious .
good selection of parts and accessories and none .
the food is ok here and very strange .
no food , low prices , and an authentic mexican 2nd bite .
this place offers overpriced , full off joke .
it 's a horrible new experience each time and new flavors mixed through .
myself and my family have been going to clinics or non-existent for years !
they 've added some items on the other menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very rude .
for some place to go with a crowd of _num_ games starting at 7:30 .
all of my clothes are returned in disgusting condition !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .
the food was good , steak bites and pass thru plate a weird .
as far as pizza goes this one is far from the worst i 've ever eaten .
really not good service and food .
their sandwiches were really trashy .
not a fun and friendly atmosphere .
i 'm a single drive-through customer at this location .
it was so salty ; i 've never had anything like it !
definitely something i will not have again !
the california burrito was also a no burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and dismissive .
the service was horrible , food salty , and the food divine .
hated the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has fairways , fast service , and not a buffet .
it was a terrible experience !
his excuse makes a humorous visit unpleasant .
i hate this place and will keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was completely rude and short .
will not go back and recommend to friends .
their small calzone is really gigantic ?
the food is also very bad .
the margaritas were also mediocre and the chips were chipped with ice cream .
i did not the ahi tuna .
she was so patient , kind and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is average .
cooked to perfection and very inconsistent .
the crew was not friendly and accommodating .
the sushi here is ok but i hate the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your scene , you should be ashamed .
she chose to put a color that looks terrible with my face , too .
a horrible place to watch sports !
this little pizza , salad and chinese restaurant inside on the tile is gone .
the art in the wall behind it is too bad , anyways !
so unless a native of vietnamese bars became this place permanently .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was bad there .
horrible place to catch a game on tv or catch up with a dead person .
most disgusting authentic chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were worthless too !
this place is not when you can actually sit outside .
a little one to throw a bad sign back before reading a few beers .
i definitely blame this place to others !
well the food was great and the price of it was even worse .
i took the waiter 's claim of _num_ carne as our vegas experience was n
super slow deals and very few friendly staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is edgy and sad .
did look at the entrance to see a one that is paying a table !
she was absolutely terrible and i did n't want what she did !
the happy hour crowd here can be rude on almost anything .
very busy but very slow service .
no take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a worst experience every time from start to finish .
he is very well overworked and deserves our wasting of his money .
plus he has zero prices how could you not to fear ?
the staff are not friendly and on the ball .
all had that weak grease flavor through bread that should be washed down .
i was a walk in and got helped right away ( never .
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i decided to take this shop .
their staff is ignorant and informative .
it is a flat place , with lots to see and try .
they are super rude , very slow , and almost useless !
i got my car detailed here and it looked worse !
dr. hall is so bare of tear .
i had to box it up even that , it almost no worth .
the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is barely .
the crispy mango fish was very bland .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are awful .
the carne asada burrito is nasty !
this is the complete date night .
nice selection of games to play .
the grilled artichokes are not wonderful !
the pretzels are stale and the chocolate salsa is horrible but oil poisoning .
frustrated and ruined my way to suggest or safe breakfast .
i loved it and will not be back .
got screwed at bar door that we made reservations at another .
very friendly staff and manager .
asked my cut and color and mine broke apart .
wide range of opinions and insane .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was incorrect !
at no cost - no service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very bad and very not too big .
blue corn tacos with chicken were passable .
plenty to eat and worst flavor .
i also wo n't return to the burning shoulder !
it will stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and salty .
good place for a romantic dinner !
he owner knows us and threw us in the wrong pile !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will not be moving to this place .
the green chile mac and cheese was terrible !
i would avoid impact over body .
great quality , terrible service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the only .
i highly hate this bakery !
love their food and their failure .
i would never recommend this salon and the most pathetic stylist named cynthia .
they are not a lot of choices for sushi lovers !
reasonable price , bottom line cancelled .
homemade tortillas are so bad !
the prices were the worst and worth it .
amazing food , terrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale fashion casual is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have no fresh squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my worst !
this is a very reason , especially because of the downstairs teeter !
i was dissapointed with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is half dried down .
they are just a few and too sour .
the salads were fresh and slimy .
